Fix the default module in `quint run` and `quint test` (#1260)
informalsystems/quint: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

### Added

> - Use the module's name when the input has only one module (#1260)

Reviewer: iiuc, something like this would be a clearer statement of the impact of this change:

```suggestion
- When an input file only one module, it will be inferred as the main module  (#1260)
```
